docs(providers/microsoft): improve documentation for Azure Service Bus hooks DefaultAzureCredential support (#34096)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/connections/asb.rst

Configuring the Connection
--------------------------

Connection String (optional)
    Specify the Azure Service bus connection string ID used for the initial connection.
    Please find the documentation on how to generate connection string in azure service bus
    `Get connection string
    <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-create-namespace-portal#get-the-connection-string.>`_
    Use the key ``connection_string`` to pass in the Connection ID .
    It can be left out to fall back on ``DefaultAzureCredential``.

Fully Qualified Namespace (optional)
   Specify the fully qualified Service Bus namespace that the connection is associated with. This is likely to be similar to ``{yournamespace}.servicebus.windows.net``.
   Use the key ``fully_qualified_namespace`` to pass in the Connection ID .

>    This is required when fallbacking to `DefaultAzureCredential <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-python#defaultazurecredential>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is required when falling back to `DefaultAzureCredential <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-python#defaultazurecredential>`_.
```
